K8s: Velero setup For Azure & minor elk-keycloak changes (#158)
datakaveri/iudx-deployment: K8s-deployment/K8s-cluster/addons/velero/azure/README.md

Create Azure storage account and blob container, replacing placeholders appropriately:

```bash
AZURE_BACKUP_RESOURCE_GROUP=<YOUR_RESOURCE_GROUP>
AZURE_STORAGE_ACCOUNT_ID=<UNIQUE_NAME> 
//AZURE_STORAGE_ACCOUNT_ID="velero$(uuidgen | cut -d '-' -f5 | tr '[A-Z]' '[a-z]')" for Unique Id

az storage account create \
    --name $AZURE_STORAGE_ACCOUNT_ID \
    --resource-group $AZURE_BACKUP_RESOURCE_GROUP \
    --sku Standard_GRS \
    --encryption-services blob \
    --https-only true \
    --kind BlobStorage \
    --access-tier Hot
```
Create the blob container named velero. Feel free to use a different name, preferably unique to a single Kubernetes cluster.

```bash
BLOB_CONTAINER=<YOUR_CONTAINER_NAME>
az storage container create -n $BLOB_CONTAINER --public-access off --account-name $AZURE_STORAGE_ACCOUNT_ID
```

#### Set permissions for Velero
Set the name of the Resource Group that contains your Kubernetes cluster's virtual machines/disks.

```bash
    AZURE_RESOURCE_GROUP=<NAME_OF_RESOURCE_GROUP>
 ```
Obtain your Azure Account Subscription ID:
   ```
   AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID=`az account list --query '[?isDefault].id' -o tsv`
   ```
##### Set permissions using service principal

> There are several ways Velero can authenticate to Azure, here for our deployment gonna use a Velero-specific service principal.
> If you don't plan to take Azure disk snapshots, any method is valid.
> 
> ##### Specify Role
> _**Note**: This is only required for (1) by using a Velero-specific service principal and  (2) by using ADD Pod Identity._ 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several ways Velero can authenticate to Azure. In this deployment, we are going to use a Velero-specific service principal.

##### Specify Role
```

1. Obtain your Azure Account Subscription ID:
   ```
   AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID=`az account list --query '[?isDefault].id' -o tsv`
   ```
2. Specify the role
Use the following commands to create a custom role which has the minimum required permissions:
   ```
   AZURE_ROLE=Velero
   az role definition create --role-definition '{
      "Name": "Velero",
      "Description": "Velero related permissions to perform backups, restores and deletions",
      "Actions": [
          "Microsoft.Compute/disks/read",
          "Microsoft.Compute/disks/write",
          "Microsoft.Compute/disks/endGetAccess/action",
          "Microsoft.Compute/disks/beginGetAccess/action",
          "Microsoft.Compute/snapshots/read",
          "Microsoft.Compute/snapshots/write",
          "Microsoft.Compute/snapshots/delete",
          "Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/listkeys/action",
          "Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/regeneratekey/action"
      ],
      "AssignableScopes": ["/subscriptions/'$AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID'"]
      }'
   ```
   _(Optional) If you are using a different Subscription for backups and cluster resources, make sure to specify both subscriptions
   inside `AssignableScopes`._

> ##### Option 1: Create service principal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Create service principal
```

Create Azure storage account and blob container, replacing placeholders appropriately:

```bash
AZURE_BACKUP_RESOURCE_GROUP=<YOUR_RESOURCE_GROUP>
AZURE_STORAGE_ACCOUNT_ID=<UNIQUE_NAME> 
//AZURE_STORAGE_ACCOUNT_ID="velero$(uuidgen | cut -d '-' -f5 | tr '[A-Z]' '[a-z]')" for Unique Id

az storage account create \
    --name $AZURE_STORAGE_ACCOUNT_ID \
    --resource-group $AZURE_BACKUP_RESOURCE_GROUP \
    --sku Standard_GRS \
    --encryption-services blob \
    --https-only true \
    --kind BlobStorage \
    --access-tier Hot
```
Create the blob container named velero. Feel free to use a different name, preferably unique to a single Kubernetes cluster.

```bash
BLOB_CONTAINER=<YOUR_CONTAINER_NAME>
az storage container create -n $BLOB_CONTAINER --public-access off --account-name $AZURE_STORAGE_ACCOUNT_ID
```

#### Set permissions for Velero
Set the name of the Resource Group that contains your Kubernetes cluster's virtual machines/disks.

```bash
    AZURE_RESOURCE_GROUP=<NAME_OF_RESOURCE_GROUP>
 ```
Obtain your Azure Account Subscription ID:
   ```
   AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID=`az account list --query '[?isDefault].id' -o tsv`
   ```
##### Set permissions using service principal

> There are several ways Velero can authenticate to Azure: (1) by using a Velero-specific service principal (2) by using AAD Pod Identity or (3) by using a storage account access key.

Reviewer: Mention that we'll be using the first one for our deployment so that it's clear, Since only that is present in this doc. And maybe just add a link to the other methods if you're mentioning them.
